feat(curriculum): add case converter project to teach list comprehension (#52569)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-list-comprehension-by-building-a-case-converter-program/657f28a0482132aca51a9212.md

---
id: 657f28a0482132aca51a9212
title: Step 14
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-14
---

# --description--

> Add a call to the `main` function inside the body of the if statement. You should see the given camel or pascal cased string converted to snake case upon execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a call to the `main()` function inside the body of the if statement. You should see the given camel or pascal cased string converted to snake case upon execution.
```

> Add a call to the `main` function inside the body of the if statement. You should see the given camel or pascal cased string converted to snake case upon execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Inside the body of the `if` statement replace `pass` with a call to the `main` function. You should see the given camel or pascal cased string converted to snake case upon execution.
```

# --hints--

Test 1

```js

```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```py
def convert_to_snake_case(pascal_or_camel_cased_string):
    snake_cased_char_list = []
    for char in pascal_or_camel_cased_string:
        if char.isupper():
            snake_cased_char_list.append(f'_{char.lower()}')
        else:
            snake_cased_char_list.append(char)
    snake_cased_string = ''.join(snake_cased_char_list)
    clean_snake_cased_string = snake_cased_string.strip('_')

    return clean_snake_cased_string

def main():
    print(convert_to_snake_case('aLongAndComplexString'))

> if __name__ == '__main__':
> --fcc-editable-region--
> 
> --fcc-editable-region--

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--fcc-editable-region--
if __name__ == '__main__':
    pass
--fcc-editable-region--
```

---
id: 657f28a0482132aca51a9212
title: Step 14
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-14
---

# --description--

> Add a call to the `main()` function inside the body of the if statement. You should see the given camel or pascal cased string converted to snake case upon execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Replace pass with a call to the `main()` function inside the body of the `if` statement. You should see the given camel or pascal cased string converted to snake case upon execution.
```

# --hints--

> You should add a call to `main()` inside the a `if` statement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should add a call to `main()` inside the `if` statement.
```

```js
({
    test: () => {
        const transformedCode = e.code.original["main.py"].replace(/\r/g, "");

>         assert.match(transformedCode, /\n +main\(\)/);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        assert.match(transformedCode, /\n +main\s*\(\s*\)/);
```
